Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
There he is.
Let's do this.
Ji-Ho! There he is!
Hey. guys.
Hey. Lucy.
Hungry?
I have some Sundubu Jjigae left over.
I'm all right. thank you.
Just wanted to say good night.
Goodnight.
By the way.
And so rent?
Is coming soon?
You haven't received our rent. yet?
Ji-Seok didn't pay you?
Son of a bitch! Fuck!
Mrs. Jaquez.
Yes?
My condolences about Jesus.
My name is John.
May I come in
and ask a few questions about him?
Only take a moment?
Come in.
Señora.
Would it be possible to see Jesus' room?
Thank you.
I'm sorry to bother you
any more than I have.
but I'm hoping to spare someone else
from the pain you're suffering.
I'm listening.
Thank you.
You recognize this person?
Did you ever see him with Jesus?
What about him?
The picture
in the bedroom.
The woman?
Sandra.
His mom.
Your daughter?
Yes.
Where is she?
Streets.
Drugs.
Crazy.
Was Jesus still in touch with her at all?
Yes. they were best friends.
Confidants.
She called him "Chuy."
"Chuy?"
Can I do something for you?
Like what?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org